Update ICRC-28 and 34 (#191)
dfinity/wg-identity-authentication: topics/icrc_28_trusted_origins.md

<!-- TOC -->
* [ICRC-28: Trusted Origins](#icrc-28-trusted-origins)
  * [Summary](#summary)

>   * [Method](#method)

Reviewer: It looks like you forgot it too in ICRC-21 😅

>   * [Method](#method)

Reviewer: > Please also add a section referring to `icrc10_supported_standards` (i.e. ICRC-28 should be listed there).
It looks like you forgot it too in ICRC-21 😅

>   * [Method](#method)

Author: added

**MUST** not implement ICRC-28: ICRC-28 privileges the listed entities to potentially act independently on behalf of the signer, which is a security risk in the context of tradable assets and shared infrastructure.

A trusted relying party carries certain privileges, like for example the ability to request Account Delegations as per [ICRC-34](./icrc_34_delegation.md).

This standard assumes dapp developer responsibility for how a canister should:
- Ensure that all entries are free from malicious intent.
- Handle entries of entities that become malicious over time.

## Methods

### icrc28_trusted_origins

Returns the canister's list of trusted origins, meaning each front-end listed will not act maliciously with respect to this canister.

```
icrc28_trusted_origins : () -> (record { trusted_origins : vec text });
```

### icrc10_supported_standards

An implementation of ICRC-28 MUST implement the method icrc10_supported_standards as put forth in 
[ICRC-10](https://github.com/dfinity/ICRC/ICRCs/ICRC-10).

The result of the call MUST always have at least the following entries:

```

> record { name = "ICRC-28"; url = "https://github.com/dfinity/ICRC/ICRCs/ICRC-28"; }

Reviewer 2: I'm really not a fan of the `url` entries here, since they do _not_ point anywhere sensible. Imho, at least the entry for ICRC-28 should be a correct URL, which would then be `https://github.com/dfinity/ICRC/tree/main/ICRCs/ICRC-28/ICRC-28.md`...

Author: updated (and created a PR for icrc28 placeholder in ICRCs repo

### Account Delegation Use-Case

[ICRC-34](./icrc_34_delegation.md) applies when a user returns a delegation to a relying party that 
can be used to make authenticated calls on the user's behalf (i.e. without displaying wallet approval prompts).

> Reminder that delegations come in two forms:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These delegations come in two forms:
```

>     * If the origin is trusted by all targets, continue with step 4.
>     * If the origin is not trusted by all targets, the signer returns an error to the relying party. No further steps
>       are executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * If the origin is trusted by all targets, continue with step 4a.
    * If the origin is not trusted by all targets, continue with step 4b.
```

> 4. The signed wallet delegation is returned to the relying party.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4a. The signed account delegation is returned to the relying party.
4b. The signed relying party delegation is returned to the relying party.
```
